ideas for the linkedin post about devdex. i'm already living in my terminal so might as well write the notes in here too! (don't need a new tech for this tho)
the issue is that i need to understand the app architecture more through breaking and fixing things. kekw







bring back the art of ... (like learning or memorization or remembering or something)

time away from school can be ... (like gets u out of the study lifestyle or sum)


being obsessed with learning languages from 11-14 years old had me learn about the "anki method" - using spaced repetition to learn quicker, remembering more.*

despite not using it much (i still prefered passive learning, lazy me ok no dont say anything self deprecating lol.) the idea always intruiged me.
make this make sense bruh


anwyays


spending lots of time on your work doesn't need to take time away from the hobbies you once loved.

sorry 


okay i also wanted to talk about likeeee
how it's kind of a new way of note taking. no ai. nun like that. no more ai wrappers for learning, all we need is spaced repetition. 
i do remember using anki a little bit in grade 10, and then i also like 

bro i should start taking notes in vim and having them on github or something like this is nice. or even a terminal note taker app in the terminal synced through github like that might be the method!
i mean it's kind of a niche use case because i'm using a work computer and a home computer etc
naturally work appropriaet ui ok lets not go there toooo much

so yeah basically like uhh
yeah like this is great like learning is never gonna go away but sometimes you need the right system to get you to learn. think about studying - spending hours at the desk a day to get those grades.

with this type of software, it's like while claude is using its brain spending time writing your code and solving your problems, you don't have to be rotting
you can be learning too! type devdex in your terminal. review some cards. genuinely you can feel your own brain working too. active recall.

can talk a tiny bit abt the science behind it too? i mean it's 100% something that always intruigued me a lot.

even wrote that essay on it lol


anyways yeah that's the general premise and idea of what i want to share.
** leaning more into the idea and what it can do for you rather than the actual build process and whatnot.
simple tech stack.
oh and, a tuff change from frontend design.


great work kekw.
could post it today? i mean its a bit late maybe tmr morning? kekw im excited. 

anyways but like JUST writing things down aint gonna help in learning a WHOLE lot at least for me
for me at least - active recall is FUN. and it's interactive and just a great way to learn whatever. so thats why im making this app. honestly. it's like a place for notes too. maybe i should add a note feature too idk if that's creep but it could be fun plsu if i implemented it myself i could learn sum

bro and being able to share among users might be the method. this was the original idea or part of it, and i think there's a real use case just kidding let's go now i think it's good

this is not even a post it's just a brain dump



ideas for the app itself

- hotkeys to close. make it easier to close the app.
- have a confirm action when deleting a card or deck. or anything.
- bug - idk why on mobaxterm the bottom text isn't showing up. like the instructions. perhaps add the instructions elsewhere too/fix this or do sth different with it
- everything else is fine tho its nice we can gen use this anywhere i do really like this idea

- make it less aesthetic like more professional type

